well it is the end of Team Dignitas is
run this is first day of the gauntlet
I'm joined right now by cop after an
unfortunate defeat to fly quests in a
0-3 series
cop what went wrong on there today um I
think we prepped well like I liked our
drafts I like the picks we play it I
like I mean I feel like we understood
everything that we're gonna do but now
that really matters when you just aren't
playing well today so we just didn't
play well just wasn't our day to play I
think turtle just performed really
really well and our bottom line just had
a tough time today I don't know if those
picks or something maybe we weren't on
the right meta we didn't put enough
games into practice who knows but looks
like they just practiced more and spent
their time better yeah now you have a
situation where it dig was doing really
really well for a while and was on the
up-and-up and then suddenly it just
feels like in the past couple of weeks
things started to go wrong do you have
any idea what it was was it I mean I
know you're still trying to decompress
from today but do you think there was a
patch issue to synergy start to kind of
fall apart with a team at the end I mean
what what happened there um I think
there was just a period where we got
overconfident or something where we just
thought we didn't need to put as much
time as other teams felt like they would
need to put in and yeah we just didn't
put enough time into practice and then
it showed today where we just kind of
got out of class same thing CLG like TSM
it was all the same thing after our c9
set I feel like we carried our momentum
from the regular season over and we had
like a really good draft understanding
and the patches like perfectly
understood but now everyone's caught up
it's just like an even draft every game
and it's like who's playing better and
it's like my quest just showed they
practice really hard same way seals you
showed it and TSM showed it what do you
think of fly quest after that series
well they're good they definitely have
what it takes they're playing very well
actually like turtle turtles popping off
like lemons even doing amazing on recon
like kog'maw icon that's not Elena you
usually pick together but I mean they
still carried it through same thing with
like the Zaya
I had to ban it and he was just playing
well today yeah alright
tomorrow verse CLG who wins
I'm gonna probably probably CLG I think
CLG is really strong right now there
they're playing well but I think c9 is
gonna just take it all yeah so what
happens next for the team and the
players yourself we just and we have
five months off now so do what we wanted
like I've been trying to play path of
Exile for a while so now I get to play
that I've been holding it off I banned
it until everything was over so now we
can do that that means is do what we
usually do in the off season just go do
things that I wouldn't have time for in
the regular season like go see places
travel just everyone's gonna do their
own thing we're gonna travel I think a
lot of people this offseason are going
like Japan somebody but look at that
otherwise maybe so anywhere like some
beachy area like Bahamas not Bahamas
right now but Hawai I don't I don't know
yeah Hawaii's fine quite a beach there
you could do that Hawaii it looks cool
I've always wanted to go there so maybe
very good I recommend it so anything
that you would like to say to any of the
fans out there um thanks for choosing on
I'm sorry are cheering us on
sorry about that like I don't know
pretty bad end of the season but I think
we have what it takes to make it next
time I feel like I gained a lot of
knowledge like as a team we gained a lot
of knowledge you know we're kind of a
newer team so it's got to keep
practicing get better and just look
towards the future well looking forward
to seeing what next year hasn't hold for
you cough thank you so much for the
interview
for when else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things gauntlets
all the way leading up to Worlds right
here on my youtube channel
hey guys Travis still has me under a
contract for like the next five minutes
it's it's more like slavery indentured
servitude where I have to record an
outro for him so you can go support him
at Travis gaffur dot-com slash support
and hopefully buy out my contract save
me
thank you